# Migrate from version 4.0.3 to 4.0.4

The SCIM project includes a breaking change in the database. Two columns have been added to the `SCIMRepresentationAttribute` table:
* `ComputedIndexValue` : This column stores a computed value for each attribute. If the attribute is complex, the value is the concatenation of its children's values. This value serves a useful purpose when the SCIM server is checking the uniqueness of the attribute.
* `IsComputed`: his column indicates whether the attribute is automatically computed or not. For example, the attribute `groups.type` is always computed by the server and only has two possible values, `direct` or `indirect`.

## Entity Framework

### Apply migration script

If you are utilizing `Entity Framework`, make sure to reference the appropriate NuGet package for your specific database and apply the migration scripts included within the NuGet package.

| Nuget                                   | Database  |
| --------------------------------------- | --------- |
| SimpleIdServer.Scim.PostgreMigrations   | Postgre   |
| SimpleIdServer.Scim.SqlServerMigrations | SQLServer |

If you are not using the NuGet package, you can generate the migration script and apply it by executing the following commands. For more information, please refer to the [official documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/ef/core/managing-schemas/migrations/?tabs=dotnet-core-cli).

```
dotnet ef add migrations add Release404
dotnet ef database update
```
Two columns, `ComputedIndexValue` and `IsComputed`, will be added to the table named `SCIMRepresentationAttributes`.

### Launch migration

Even though it's not ideal, you can use the [Startup project](https://github.com/simpleidserver/SimpleIdServer/blob/master/src/Scim/SimpleIdServer.Scim.Startup/Startup.cs) and uncomment the code for`MigrateFrom403To404EF`.

## MongoDB

Due to the size limit of a document, all the `FlatAttributes` property of the `SCIMRepresentation` collection must be transformed into a list of references to the `SCIMRepresentationAttribute` collection.
To accomplish this, you can use the [Startup project](https://github.com/simpleidserver/SimpleIdServer/blob/master/src/Scim/SimpleIdServer.Scim.Startup/Startup.cs). Uncomment the line `MigrateFrom403To404MongoDB(app);` and set the parameter `useVersion403` to true.